the Sega Genesis has better graphics in
the xbox 360 that is not an opinion that
is a fact the xbox 360 sucks that is not
an opinion that is a fact the xbox 360
this pathetic and you people can't
defend it nobody can okay we weren't for
saying it and we promote what we believe
in you know and you people I'm talking
360 fans out there you don't that is a
fact xbox 360 was terrible you know I
watched on a live stream and it was so
bad that I just turned it off I mean it
was it was that bad you accept this xbox
360 crap because it's all you know you
retarded idiots quit defending it it is
a joke ordered Sega Genesis it's amazing
piss on xbox 360 but what teenage sucks
yes it sucks
we're biased we don't know what we're
talking about bill and Doug or gay know
when the bottom line is the next box 360
sucks you know it you're tired of
defending it and you're tired of a
shitting on it because it's so obvious
this is a joke to us The Undertaker grew
up in a graveyard